Update SB migration guide (#17357)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/MigrationGuide.md

The feature to send a list of messages in a single call was implemented by batching all the messages into a single AMQP message and sending that to the service.

> While we continue to support this feature, it had the potential to fail unexpectedly when the resulting batched AMQP message exceeded the size limit of the sender. To help with this, we now provide a safe way to batch multiple messages to be sent at once using the new `ServiceBusMessageBatch` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we continue to support this feature, it had the potential to fail unexpectedly when the resulting batched AMQP message exceeded the size limit of the sender. To help with this, we now provide a safe way to batch multiple messages to be sent at once using the new `ServiceBusMessageBatch` class.
While the below code sample uses a local queue as the source of messages to be safely batched and sent, your application may use a list or an array of messages that have accumulated from a different part of your code.
```

In the below code snippet, `inputMessageArray` is an array of messages which we will loop over to safely batch and then send.

```C# Snippet:ServiceBusSendAndReceiveSafeBatch

> // add the messages that we plan to send to a local queue

Author: We already have this line:

While we continue to support this feature, it had the potential to fail unexpectedly when the resulting batched AMQP message exceeded the size limit of the sender. To help with this, we now provide a safe way to batch multiple messages to be sent at once using the new `ServiceBusMessageBatch` class. 

Do you think we need more?

> // add the messages that we plan to send to a local queue

Reviewer: I missed the part that comes before the code snippet. That should be enough. I made one suggestion in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/17357/files?diff=split&w=1#r537866110

```

The below code snippet shows you the session variation of the receiver. Please note that creating a session receiver is an async operation because the library will need to get a lock on the session by connecting to the service first.

Create a receiver that will receive from the next available session:
```C# Snippet:ServiceBusReceiveNextSession
ServiceBusSessionReceiver receiver = await client.AcceptNextSessionAsync(queueName);

// the received message is a different type as it contains some service set properties
ServiceBusReceivedMessage receivedMessage = await receiver.ReceiveMessageAsync();
Console.WriteLine(receivedMessage.SessionId);
```

Create a receiver that will receive from a specific session:
```C# Snippet:ServiceBusReceiveFromSpecificSession
// create a receiver specifying a particular session
ServiceBusSessionReceiver receiver = await client.AcceptSessionAsync(queueName, "Session2");

// the received message is a different type as it contains some service set properties
ServiceBusReceivedMessage receivedMessage = await receiver.ReceiveMessageAsync();
Console.WriteLine(receivedMessage.SessionId);
```

> ## Known Gaps from Previous Library

Reviewer: In the individual bullet points, lets use `the previous library, Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus` rather than just `the previous library`

Author: How about just including the name for each bullet point, but saying both previous and the name in the summary sentence above?

Author: Eh I will just include the whole thing for each one.

There are a few features that have yet to be implemented in `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus`, but were present in the previous library. The plan is to add these features in upcoming releases (unless otherwise noted), but they will not be available at the time of GA:

> - **Cross entity transactions** - In the previous library, transactions could work across multiple entities by leveraging the [`viaEntityPath`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/sdk/servicebus/Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus/src/Core/MessageSender.cs#L118) parameter of the `MessageSender` constructor. The service is planning to make future updates that would make it possible to do cross-entity transactions without specificing a "via" entity. The `viaEntityPath` parameter will still continue to work in the same way in the previous library, but will not be necessary in the new library. Support for this feature can be tracked via https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/17355.

Reviewer: Any reason to not mention `SendVia` here?
```suggestion
- **Cross entity transactions** - In the previous library, transactions could work across multiple entities by leveraging the constructor parameter `viaEntityPath` for `MessageSender` or the `SendVia` option in `QueueClient`/`TopicClient` constructors. The service is planning to make backward compatible updates that would make it possible to do cross-entity transactions without specificing a "via" entity. The new library plans to take advantage of this new feature and therefore, the cross entity transactions feature will be available in the upcoming release instead of the current version 7.0.0. Support for this feature can be tracked via https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/17355.
```

Author: Where are you seeing the `SendVia` option in the QueueClient/TopicClient?

Reviewer: My bad... We always referred to it as `SendVia` that I assumed that it was the name of the options passed to one of the client constructors
